== APPLY TO BECOME A CONTENT CREATOR

We're Codeplace, a code recipe library for developers, and we're going to need Ruby on Rails developers for an ongoing project.

We're looking for coders who can, not only develop great web applications, but are also able to decompose the development process in a step-by-step tutorial.

The selection process will be very simple. 

You can either:
- send us an intermediate/advanced ruby on rails tutorial you've already made;
- complete the following small challenge:

1 - Clone this repository.This will be the starting point for the challenge;

2 - Checkout the repository's details below the README file;

3 - "Ajaxify" the cloned app, i.e., alter the "posts" controller so that the CRUD operations are done using Ajax;

4 - Create a step-by-step tutorial explaining your development process. You can check [here](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/codeplaceimages/anexo_upwork.png) an example on how to do it. 

So, what do we want from you?

1 - A GitHub repository with your project. Please commit the changes you make on every step;

2 - A text file with the tutorial. Please include some screenshots to illustrate the process.


== IMPORTANT

This will be a ongoing project, and in case you're selected, you can choose to join our team of content creators.

Please skype or email us with any questions you may have:

**skype:** codeplace 

**email:** pedro@codeplace.com


== APPLICATION DETAILS

Sample Posts App to use as a starting point in Codeplace Rails Recipes.

Models:

The app contains only 2 models:

 1 - User.rb
 2 - Post.rb


Users table has the following fields: 
	
	t.string   :email
      t.string   :encrypted_password
      t.string   :reset_password_token
      t.datetime :reset_password_sent_at
      t.datetime :remember_created_at
      t.integer  :sign_in_count
      t.datetime :current_sign_in_at
      t.datetime :last_sign_in_at
      t.string   :current_sign_in_ip
      t.string   :last_sign_in_ip
	t.timestamps

Posts table has the following fields:
	  
	t.text    :content
      t.integer :user_id
      t.timestamps


Relationships:

	User.rb - > has_many :posts, dependent: :destroy
	Post.rb - > belongs_to :user


Gems:

Bootstrap 
Simple Form
Devise
